# The Story

Santa’s Security Operations Center (SSOC) has noticed one of their web servers, santagift.shop has been hijacked by the Bandit Yeti APT group. Elf McBlue’s task is to analyse the log files captured from the web server to understand what is happening and track down the Bandit Yeti APT group.

## Task 1: Ensure you are connected to the deployable machine in this task.
No answer needed.

## Task 2: Use the ls command to list the files present in the current directory. How many log files are present?
Just type
```bash
ls 
```

## Task 3: Elf McSkidy managed to capture the logs generated by the web server. What is the name of this log file? 
From the output of the above command we can see the name of the log file.

## Task 4: Begin investigating the log file from question #3 to answer the following questions.
No answer needed

## Task 5: On what day was Santa's naughty and nice list stolen?
let's view the content of the file. Just type
```bash
cat webserver.log
```
We can see that there is lot of logs in the file but we can clearyly see that these logs are of 18 Nov 2022. Now using calendar we can find the day on this particular date. It was Friday.

## Task 6: What is the IP address of the attacker?
From the result of the cat command we can see the attacker's IP.

## Task 7: What is the name of the important list that the attacker stole from Santa?
So here we have to find the file name. So, let's try to find any txt file name in the log file using grep command.
```bash
cat webserver.log | grep "\.txt"
```
You will see a file name with .txt extension. This is the important list which was stolen.

## Task 8: Look through the log files for the flag. The format of the flag is: THM{}
Let's again use grep command to find flag.
```bash
cat webserver.log | grep "THM{"
```
but we can not see any result. So, lets use "-r" for recursive serach.
```bash
cat webserver.log | grep -r "THM{"
```
Wow we got the flag!
